Offer up your innocence, please ignore the side effects
Now what's bothering you? Well, why don't we start at the beginning
For what? For what? For what it's worth
It's about the best we could come up with, what, you think ideas spread because they're good?
Coital machinations of the dead
Did you have xenon orchid sinews spilling down the outer center of your
My hope is to assess through my objective report of
Trojan Horse'd his Blood-Brain Barrier and raised the LD-50, yes, yes
Auf wiedersehn, au revoir, he gripped his wits right by their ends
If it was going to kill you boy, it would have by now
Your projector eyes casting sci-fi's on your STR'd strands?
CBT don't seem effective for that Cluster B, accept it
For what? For what? For what it's worth
No, they spread because people like them
For what? For what? For what it's worth
His ego a mosquito, evil incarnate good incognito
For what? For what? For what it's worth
Quilted from the finest fibers, flesh, and fiberglass, and flowers
Hello, welcome, why don't you take a seat?
There's no more looking back, it's looking up or looking down
Whether this proprietary bled of expertise and seasoning works as well as this
The way he spun his butterfly risked all six his phalanges
Roman candles at both ends in his synapses
For what? For what? For what it's worth
And a tattoo of a blue jay on his face
Well, you mainline your animus, karate chop your abacus
There's no more looking back, it's looking up or looking down
Transorbital ice pick
And they waited for his vital signs to lie and let a flatline cry
Around his Lotus jugular when they came
Pops placebos for libido, screaming, "Bless the torpedoes"
Blooming Escher/Mandelbrot head?
Well he collapsed with Stevens-Johnson Syndrome on the E.R. floor
Did you get along well with the Gideon Bugler pineal glands?
Did Namibian Himbas tie-dye you, your ears pierced with a Phineas Gage flagpole
Growing up, how was your relationship with the fundamentals of conscious existence?
His vagus nerve a turk's head knot, an axel hitch, a carrick bend
Did you die before your day?
So now here we are once again, holding
Get comfortable, relax, take a second if you need to
If it was going to kill you boy, it would have by now
Well, they found him with a map to every victim of his love
I guess it's just something people do
Tell me about your nerve to steal nerves of steel from under Bacchus' bloody nose
So you'll be fine
You've lost your mind and almost lost your life before
For what? For what? For what it's worth
If they were going to get you boy, they would have by now
Nazi/Skoptzyism and suicide
If it was going to kill you boy, it would have by now
A bloody knife to split your infrastructure, wine to rev your motor function
There's no more looking back, and why would you want to look back?
For what? For what? For what it's worth
Lithium and Dialectics, boy you really is defective
Not the things you do but something sick inside
Shields himself from reason in a Kevlar baby-blue Tuxedo
Your subjective conjecture
He skipped this town and headed straight down history
Well, he was wearing stolen rubber shoes and wrapped a poison ivy noose
"Happy birthday to the succulents, I'll die your hydroponics"
As it were, a mirror up to your mirror
I mean, it's no good looking back, so try to look forward now
His rib cage was a hornet's nest, palpitations set the beat
There's no more looking back, it's looking up or looking downWell he collapsed with Stevens-Johnson Syndrome on the E.R. floorHolistic ballistics, you got a better idea?
And through flight-or-fight revelation shame the Black Box Warrior
And the method with which he recycled his humors
And learn to be an animal instead
For what? For what? For what it's worth
But I never did think you better than this, your modus operandi causes
Thursday traction, Tuesday titration
He wondered if Christ Consciousness would charge a cancellation fee
But he cocked his noggin, through his stoma sang, "For auld lang syne"
Why to thine own self be true when it is you who are the problem
A hymn out in Hungarian Harmonic
Panic attacked, anaphylactic and ataxic
And how about claustrophilic tendrils clapping caskets closed on seven-knuckle thumbs
