"Happy birthday to the succulents, I'll die your hydroponics"
A bloody knife to split your infrastructure, wine to rev your motor function
A hymn out in Hungarian Harmonic
And a tattoo of a blue jay on his face
And how about claustrophilic tendrils clapping caskets closed on seven-knuckle thumbs
And learn to be an animal instead
And the method with which he recycled his humors
And they waited for his vital signs to lie and let a flatline cry
And through flight-or-fight revelation shame the Black Box Warrior
Around his Lotus jugular when they came
As it were, a mirror up to your mirror
Auf wiedersehn, au revoir, he gripped his wits right by their ends
Blooming Escher/Mandelbrot head?
But I never did think you better than this, your modus operandi causes
But he cocked his noggin, through his stoma sang, "For auld lang syne"
CBT don't seem effective for that Cluster B, accept it
Coital machinations of the dead
Did Namibian Himbas tie-dye you, your ears pierced with a Phineas Gage flagpole
Did you die before your day?
Did you get along well with the Gideon Bugler pineal glands?
Did you have xenon orchid sinews spilling down the outer center of your
For what? For what? For what it's worth
For what? For what? For what it's worth
For what? For what? For what it's worth
For what? For what? For what it's worth
For what? For what? For what it's worth
For what? For what? For what it's worth
For what? For what? For what it's worth
For what? For what? For what it's worth
Get comfortable, relax, take a second if you need to
Growing up, how was your relationship with the fundamentals of conscious existence?
He skipped this town and headed straight down history
He wondered if Christ Consciousness would charge a cancellation fee
Hello, welcome, why don't you take a seat?
His ego a mosquito, evil incarnate good incognito
His rib cage was a hornet's nest, palpitations set the beat
His vagus nerve a turk's head knot, an axel hitch, a carrick bend
Holistic ballistics, you got a better idea?
I guess it's just something people do
I mean, it's no good looking back, so try to look forward now
If it was going to kill you boy, it would have by now
If it was going to kill you boy, it would have by now
If it was going to kill you boy, it would have by now
If they were going to get you boy, they would have by now
It's about the best we could come up with, what, you think ideas spread because they're good?
Lithium and Dialectics, boy you really is defective
My hope is to assess through my objective report of
Nazi/Skoptzyism and suicide
No, they spread because people like them
Not the things you do but something sick inside
Now what's bothering you? Well, why don't we start at the beginning
Offer up your innocence, please ignore the side effects
Panic attacked, anaphylactic and ataxic
Pops placebos for libido, screaming, "Bless the torpedoes"
Quilted from the finest fibers, flesh, and fiberglass, and flowers
Roman candles at both ends in his synapses
Shields himself from reason in a Kevlar baby-blue Tuxedo
So now here we are once again, holding
So you'll be fine
Tell me about your nerve to steal nerves of steel from under Bacchus' bloody nose
The way he spun his butterfly risked all six his phalanges
There's no more looking back, and why would you want to look back?
There's no more looking back, it's looking up or looking downThere's no more looking back, it's looking up or looking down
There's no more looking back, it's looking up or looking down
Thursday traction, Tuesday titration
Transorbital ice pick
Trojan Horse'd his Blood-Brain Barrier and raised the LD-50, yes, yes
Well he collapsed with Stevens-Johnson Syndrome on the E.R. floor
Well, he was wearing stolen rubber shoes and wrapped a poison ivy noose
Well, they found him with a map to every victim of his love
Well, you mainline your animus, karate chop your abacus
Whether this proprietary bled of expertise and seasoning works as well as this
Why to thine own self be true when it is you who are the problem
You've lost your mind and almost lost your life before
Your projector eyes casting sci-fi's on your STR'd strands?
Your subjective conjecture
